Add Vagrant setup (#1)
meyskens/vagrant-coreos-baremetal: README.md

# Vagrant CoreOS baremetal
This repository contains everything to set up a CoreOS Kubernetes cluster in Virtualbox using Vagrant just the same way as is done in the baremetal clusters at source{d}.

> This is meant to be a playground to experiment with changes to the changes to setup of the baremetal clusters without having to deploy it on actual machines. The setup is as much the same as the production setup as possible. There are security compromised made (set passwords, private keys exposed) in this setup to make it easy to set up, you should *never* use these files to set up a production cluster without modifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is meant to be a playground to experiment with changes to the setup of baremetal clusters without having to deploy it on actual machines. The setup is as much the same as a production setup as possible. There are security compromises made (set passwords, private keys exposed) in this setup to make it easy to set up, you should *never* use these files to set up a production cluster without modifications.
```

## Structure

> There are 2 types of machines, the Provisioner will serve DHCP and Ignition configuration (via Matchbox), it also is responsible for running all sripts to set up the systems. This one runs Ubuntu 18.04. In this setup it also acts as a NAT router between the Virtualbox NAT and the internal PXE network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are 2 types of machines, the Provisioner will serve DHCP and Ignition configuration (via Matchbox), it also is responsible for running all scripts to set up the systems. This one runs Ubuntu 18.04. In this setup it also acts as a NAT router between the Virtualbox NAT and the internal PXE network.
```

> The controllers will boot from the PXE profie served through the provisiner, the controllers only have an interface to the PXE network with a fixed MAC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The controllers will boot from the PXE profile served through the provisioner, the controllers only have an interface to the PXE network with a fixed MAC.
```

> The controllers will start a Kunernetes and etcd cluster, note that there is no presistant disks set up by default so all data is stored in RAM. There are 3 disks in the VM which are used to experiment with RAID setups and disk partitioning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The controllers will start a kubernetes and etcd cluster, note that there is no persistent disks set up by default so all data is stored in RAM. There are 3 disks in the VM which are used to experiment with RAID setups and disk partitioning.
```

```
                                                 +--------------+
                                                 | Controller 1 |
                                                 +--------------+
+-------------+                                  +--------------+
| Provisioner | <---> internal pxe network <---> | Controller 2 |
+-------------+                                  +--------------+
                                                 +--------------+
                                                 | Controller 3 |
                                                 +--------------+
```

## How to use
You need:
* Vagrant
* Virtualbox 5+ (only Virtualbox is supported for now)
* A copy of this repo

> 

Reviewer: I would somewhere a `vagrant box update`, as people could have an old version of the boxes involved

Author: The box versions are pinned for the moment

Reviewer: Hmmm, I had to run that command to make things work. I was getting `404` errors from Ubuntu repositories

Reviewer: See https://github.com/src-d/infrastructure/issues/987#issuecomment-529929668

Install the PXE boot Vagrant box:
```
~$ vagrant box add pxe-boot-3-disk pxe-boot-3-disk.box
```

> This box contains an empty VM configured to boot PXE and has 3 500GB (empty) SATA disks connected.

Reviewer: How has it been created? It would be interesting to have that information in the repo

Author: Added a link to the documentation

Run the VM:
```
~$ vagrant up
```
Make sure you have ports `2211`,`2212`,`2213` free, keep counting if you add more than 3 CoreOS VMs. These are proxies ran on the provisioner VM to trick vagrant into SSHing into the CoreOS VMs even though these are set up not to have a NAT interface (conflicts with the setup due to DHCP).

On boot of the provisioner VM it will provisioner it will provision itself using Ansible and configure Matchbox using the Terraform files in this repo.

> To make changes you can either destroy the cluster of use `vagrant provision` to apply both Terraform and Ansible changes.

Reviewer: I would add a reference to https://github.com/rporres/coreos-baremetal-demo mainly because the presentation and video could be helpful

Author: Good point! added it

The controllers will boot from the PXE profile served through the provisioner, the controllers only have an interface to the PXE network with a fixed MAC.
The controllers will start a kubernetes and etcd cluster, note that there is no persistent disks set up by default so all data is stored in RAM. There are 3 disks in the VM which are used to experiment with RAID setups and disk partitioning.

```
                                                 +--------------+
                                                 | Controller 1 |
                                                 +--------------+
+-------------+                                  +--------------+
| Provisioner | <---> internal pxe network <---> | Controller 2 |
+-------------+                                  +--------------+
                                                 +--------------+
                                                 | Controller 3 |
                                                 +--------------+
```

## How to use

> You need:

Reviewer: A computer with enough memory (tested in an 8Gb Macbook and computer died in the middle of the third controller boot)

Author: This is now less a problem but will add a note
